All right here we have a nice little warm up out of them.
We want to convert Celsius to Fahrenheit.
That's our goal here.
The the algorithm to do the math to do that is you know temporary Celsius times nine fifths plus 32
degrees.
So when we are getting 30 hours or inputting returned nager 22 or you have 10 returns 14 and we're getting
there to eat zero returns.
Thirty two.
Let's go ahead and dive into it.
All right.
So this and the ad one that we had early in the sector are probably going to be the two easiest algorithms
which is really just to get you going at the end of the day.
So let's go ahead and say you know basically Can you read instructions as sort of the idea here and
do you understand how to use mathematical operators.
So they told us how to what our values are here and they said look the way that we get our our input
is Celsius times nine divided by five plus 32.
That's it.
At the end of the day
you know it's just being able to.
Hey can we use our input can we read the instructions and see what the output should you know how to
parse the algorithm question can we read through.
And this is an important skill.
But this is definitely a hey let's just get you up and running a sort of algorithm you know sort of
first one a very easy one.
In that category I would throw out into.